chore: website README (#93)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-mux: website/README.md

# Terraform Documentation

This directory contains the portions of [the Terraform website][terraform.io] that pertain to the Terraform Plugin Mux.

The files in this directory are intended to be used in conjunction with
[the `terraform-website` repository](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website), which brings all of the
different documentation sources together and contains the scripts for testing and building the site as
a whole.

> ## Modifying Sidebar Navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updating Sidebar Navigation
```

> Updates to the sidebar navigation of Terraform docs can be made in the [nav-data] file. For details on structuring of sidebar navigation, see https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website#editing-navigation-sidebars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must update the sidebar navigation for the `terraform-plugin-mux` documentation any time that you add or delete a documentation page. The website builds the sidebar navigation menu from the [nav-data json] file. For more details about how to update this file, refer to https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website#editing-navigation-sidebars.

## Adding Redirects

You must add a redirect when you move, rename, or delete documentation pages. Refer to https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website#redirects for details.
```

## Previewing Changes

> You should preview all of your changes locally before creating a pull request. The build includes content from this repository and the [`terraform-website`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/) repository, allowing you to preview the entire Terraform documentation site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should preview your changes locally to ensure that the content is rendering properly before you create a pull request. The build includes content from this repository and the [`terraform-website`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/) repository, allowing you to preview the entire Terraform documentation site.

To preview your content, complete the following steps:
```
